# Documents Generator

A web tool to ask questions and generate a document based on answers.

## Templates

Templates composed of questions to ask users and configuration file for the generated documents.
Templates are identified by their ID, and specified in `template` query parameter, such as https://7pass.github.io/doc-gen/?template=example

### Questionair

Questions are stored as JSON files that will be downloaded by this tool when user opens a questionair. After user has answered all questions, an object is created based on user's answers and then passed to configuration file to generate the final document.

#### Sections

Questions are organized in sections or screens to be displayed together on one screen. User will be able to use Next/Previous buttons to navigate between sections.
Every sections must have a unique ID. This ID is used to:

-   Generates the answers object.
-   Jump to another section based on user's answer.

#### Question

Questions can either accept a freetext input (no choice specified), or single choice options with ability to jump to another section if selected.
Every question has a unique ID within its section. This ID is used to generates the answers object.
When a question has choices with a section ID specified, questions after it won't be displayed until an answer has been selected.

#### Choice

A choice and be specified as a simple text value, or as a choice object with:

-   `text`: text to be selected as well as value in answers object when selected.
-   `next`: ID of section to jump to after user has selected this choice and click on `Next`. Use an empty string (`""`) to end the questionair immediately after.

### Answers object

An answers object is generated by on user's selections:

```json
{
    "section ID": {
        "question ID": "selected choice's text or text input"
    }
}
```

### Configuration file

Configuration file is a [Liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) template to generate the Markdown structure of the document, which will then be displayed on screen and printed.
